so guys welcome to something completely
different from me that's right today
we're going to be having some FIFA 16
player predictions for ultimate team
that's right today is something
completely different from me if you do
want to see this series say that's right
I'm gonna start it today if you guys do
want to see a stay makes you drop a like
rating on the video FIFA 16 player
predictions do you want to see this
continue letting up into fifa 16 that's
right you guys can probably tell from my
voice i'm still ill but i'm still trying
to get over it so yeah we're going to be
are covering five players in today's
video that's right today i'm gonna be
having a five-player predictions if you
guys do you want to see this series stay
drop a comment down below on five
players that i should do in the next
episode make sure you also click
subscribe if you are new around here but
without further ado let's jump into our
first plan that's right the first player
that we're going to be covering is
leanne our messy that's right on the
left hand side is his FIFA 15 card on
the right hand side is my predicted FIFA
16 card and in the middle you guys can
see he stats and which that's have been
boosted up and for some players some
stats will be boosted down so as you can
see Messi I've given him a 94 overall
rating he's gonna be a right winger now
because of the trio of Neymar Suarez and
messy won't be sent afford any more so
in favor 16 my prediction is that he's
going to be a 94 rated card he's gonna
have a plus-one to his shooting to take
it 298 plus 7 in his defending from 27
to 34 and a plus 2 in physical and faith
14 guys Messi had three informs won a
record breaker card one man of the match
one team the season one team of the and
also just some statistics from the
previous season messy at 54 games 61
goals and 22 SC so I've given him a +1 /
overall rating and a few + 1 + 2 and
obviously the plus 7 in defending in his
stash jumping into the next player is
Cristiano Ronaldo the Ballon d'Or winner
in fifa15 Ronaldo received three informs
one man of the match card
purple card one record breaker card one
team of the season which was 98 rated a
team of the year which was 99 rated and
I Ronaldo just had a fantastic season
scoring more goals than he had played
games and heaps of assists so as you
guys can probably tell from on screen
right now I've given him a +1 293 that's
right Messi and Ronaldo going up by plus
1 in the overall stats so 94 messy 93
Ronaldo I really think that both players
should be rated the same but obviously a
messy is the cover stars are going to
give him in my opinion the moreover also
93 overall plus 12 is shooting plus 12
is passing plus 12 is defending and a
plus for to these physical stats as we
jump into the next plan which is I and
Robin Robin 90 / I've stay I've kept his
overall to a 90 I've downgraded his pace
by 2 and you guys are probably wondering
shorty why are you downgrading Robins
paste from a 93 to a 91 Robin is 31
years of age and around about this stage
EA like to say decrease a players are
pasted that so I've given him a
downgrade of two but that isn't too much
because obviously 91 page 91 pay story
in fever is still very rapid down that
right wing so he's got a downgrade by
two but he's got a plus-one to his
shooting and a plus-one to his passing
that's right he's 31 years of age I feel
like EA gonna downgrade his pace just by
two but doesn't mean the Robins going to
become a slow or a say average pace
place you're going to be very very rapid
and fast in fifa15 Robin had three
informs a team of the season and also a
team of the that card looks very very
nice to use if it does happen in FIFA 16
as we jump into the fourth player in
today's video that's right full player
that we're going to be covering is
Robin's by munich teammate manuel neuer
that's right Manuel Neuer I've kept his
rating at the same rating natural I've
kept his 315 and fever 16 rating at the
same ana 90 overall I've just up to
speed in goals x plus 3 that's why
Manuel Neuer in 15
ultimate team menu are no received one
record breaker card one team of the
season and he was in the team of the
year so he's still going to be a very
solid gold here probably the best in the
game is going to be that the most highly
rated a goalkeeper in Ultimate Team so
Manuel Neuer I've kept him really at the
same I'll just bumped up his speed to a
plus three in goals is Manuel Neuer do
you guys agree with me with these
ratings so far drop it down in the
comment section down below as we are
actually going to jump into the final
player they're going to be covering in
today's video this man had a fantastic
season in the premier league last season
that's right in his name is Harry Kane
and Harry Kane started off FIFA 15 with
a 68 silver card he got to upgrade to a
77 Gold Strike a kind you guys can see
on screen right now then he got three
informs he also got a purple card and to
top that off Harry Kane also received a
team the season card which was
surprisingly 86 rated that's right Harry
came with a fantastic season but I can't
really see a givin him a boost in his
overall to 18 or over that's right if
Harry Kane maintains his good form in
the Premier League this season I can see
a giving him say an 83 rated card but
I've given him a 79 raised to card
obviously striker for Tottenham Hotspur
I've your new plus one twist pace to a
77 @ + 32 a shooting because we all know
how dangerous he is around goals a past
12 his passing plus 22 his dribbling
plus 22 he's defending and a +1 to his
physical and I can really see that card
being a very very overpowered card come
516 if my prediction is correct that's
right not the highest rated but I can
see that being very very overpowered but
guys that is how this is going to wrap
up that's why FIFA 16 player predictions
part 1 episode 1 it all depends on your
guys support so go ahead and drop a like
rating on the video drop a comment down
below do you agree with me with these
ratings and what play
do you guys want to see next click
subscribe if you are new around here and
I'm out see you all on my next video